[RHDEVDOCS-2334] Adding admin guide for Serverless docs (#29265)
openshift/openshift-docs: cli_reference/kn-cli-tools.adoc

The Knative `kn` CLI enables simple interaction with Knative components on {product-title}.

You can enable Knative on {product-title} by installing {ServerlessProductName}. For more information, see the documentation on xref:../serverless/serverless-getting-started.adoc#serverless-getting-started[Getting started with {ServerlessProductName}].

[NOTE]
====
{ServerlessProductName} cannot be installed using the `kn` CLI. A cluster administrator must install the {ServerlessOperatorName} and set up the Knative components, as described in the xref:../serverless/admin_guide/installing-openshift-serverless.adoc#installing-openshift-serverless[Serverless applications] documentation for {product-title}.
====

[id="kn-cli-tools-key-features"]
== Key features

The `kn` CLI is designed to make serverless computing tasks simple and concise.
Key features of the `kn` CLI include:

* Deploy serverless applications from the command line.
* Manage features of Knative Serving, such as services, revisions, and traffic-splitting.
* Create and manage Knative Eventing components, such as event sources and triggers.
* Create sink bindings to connect existing Kubernetes applications and Knative services.

> * Extend the `kn` CLI with flexible plugin architecture, similar to the `kubectl` CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extend the `kn` CLI with flexible plug-in architecture, similar to the `kubectl` CLI.
```
> 🚫  plugin noun, adjective
Do not use. Use "plug-in".

* Configure autoscaling parameters for Knative services.
* Scripted usage, such as waiting for the results of an operation, or deploying custom rollout and rollback strategies.

[id="kn-cli-tools-installing-kn"]
== Installing the Knative CLI

> See the documentation on xref:../serverless/installing-kn.adoc#installing-kn[Installing the Knative CLI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See xref:../serverless/installing-kn.adoc#installing-kn[Installing the Knative CLI].
```
